hey guys sports freak 21 and here's part
8 of my mario party 1 series can use the
name well let's see running up the ball
8 1 click the ball in the socket to
clearly
that's gone
next week the grab-bag get 15 or more
coins to clear the game
next one cleared the game by opening be
the first diversity of balloons clear
the game
I'm all proud about it in the next video
the facelift get 90 or more points to
clear the game
80 points sorry for that little mistake
trying 90 or more ploy
Alex print that looks perfect to me
they're pretty darn close 94 there we go
once again sorry for that mistake the
fashion cache if you have even one coin
left you cleared the game and I start
off with
60 count 21
yeah a battery with my little camper -
me with that little hammer
try 50 lies and 51 everyone we've
reached another safe spot thanks for
watching part 8 of my mario party 1
speedrun if you'd like to continue to
part 9 then please go ahead
thanks for watching or 321